test edit doc and add webm (#3)
opengisch/mkdocs_test: docs/qfield/prepare/attribute-form.md

## Remember last values

QField offers a much more fine-grained control over the last used values and ignores the QGIS setting.

> ## Add KML and HTML wigets

Reviewer: KML or QML?

Author: Right, I changed it

> ## Add QML and HTML wigets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add QML and HTML widgets
```

@lucienicolier do you have a spelling checker installed in your browser?

> You can add a QML graph or an HTML widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a QML or HTML widget. By using QML or HTML widgets you are able to display information in charts, tables or otherwise formatted ways.
```
